We must consider the key dimensions of posture implied by this situation.
We should ask ourselves how we can motivate organizational members to rationalize the organization's actions so that all can contribute to winning.
We must stay committed to these strategic goals while balancing the conflict between them and the need to adapt scope and posture to changing environmental and organizational conditions.
This is consistent with our intent of being the dominant leader and is now reflected in a variety of strategic thrusts and investment programs designed to make a broad-based attack on the problem.
Analyses of this situation must be transformed into strategy alternatives (articulated in terms of possible alterations to scope, posture, and goals) which we may then assess before our organization can commit to its existing direction or select new directions.
In summation, we must be specifically focused on a crucial, complex, and creative task: turning knowledge and learning acquired as part of ongoing environmental and organizational analysis into the specification of potential opportunities and threats.
And I might add that mindset is the sum of vision, values, beliefs, and assumptions.
This is of central importance to strategic management because it can either buttress or inhibit our commitment to excellence.
So, as leaders we must continually guide the analytics, modify the mindset, orient and integrate the operating processes, and adjust the infrastructure.
This is an example of how systems, infrastructure, and decision processes tending to ossify and being interrelated must be managed at the systemic level in order to be appropriate and effectual for identifying and adapting to emerging opportunities spawned by change.
I see this as a new paradigm providing a framework for reconfiguring our core processes to take advantage of our envisioned future.
So, instead of electing incremental improvement, we should craft a retention-focused strategy based on a better understanding of this problem and articulate any key performance objectives.
This leads me to believe that we are caught in a traditional business process improvement versus core business reconfiguration dilemma.
We must always remember that scope compels choices because it cannot be unlimited.
You must ask yourself if you are willing to begin where you are.
And this is why we should be realigned to pursue and exploit emerging opportunities.
So you can see that increasingly a geographic dimension is unavoidable in scope determination.
Because, as you know, profit is the difference between sales and costs.
We should use these objectives to transform our strategic thrusts and investment programs into short-run targets and action programs.
And of course, the determination of scope, posture and goals involves a plethora of decisions that require many types of analytical input about multiple facets of the competitive context.
This will help us to identify the human, financial, technical, or organizational resources we can draw on to accomplish our desired results.
Internal infrastructure, as noted earlier, in the form of incentive, control, and planning systems, must be focused on fostering the required capabilities and competencies.
In short, the exercise of analysis, evaluation, and planned implementation, combined with the intellectual endeavor fostered by employee empowerment can be seen to generate a new paradigm encapsulating the experiences encountered by the axiomatic external forces associated with strategic drift.
But, this paradigm as I've described it above, as a set of assumptions and beliefs more or less collectively owned, is likely to be inseparable from the web of cultural artifacts specific to the organization.
However, how likely is it that this will dominate the development of strategy and cause resistance to change?
Such a framework would allow for value based planning procedures that calculate performance ratios.
This will allow us to analyze the gap to determine the capabilities, technologies, information, measurement systems, and organizational dynamics that separate breakthrough performance levels from today's reality.
But, remember, it is no doubt of an immense advantage to have done nothing, but one should not abuse it.
And, because of this, I am reminded that handsome is as handsome does.
As you can see, this will require disintermediation in order for us to maintain dynamically continuous innovation.
Let's circle back offline to double-click on the low-hanging fruit before it falls outside our wheelhouse.
Going forward, we must leverage our core competencies to move the needle on mission-critical deliverables.
At the end of the day, it is what it is, and what it is, is a paradigm shift.
Per my last memo, the synergies will continue until morale improves.
We are not boiling the ocean here; we are simply future-proofing the boil.
Remember: there is no I in team, but there are three in holistic vertical integration.
Our north star remains unchanged: to disrupt ourselves before someone else is paid to.
This aligns with our strategy of aligning strategies into a single aligned strategy.
Please socialize these learnings with your direct reports at your earliest convenience.
In the spirit of radical transparency, this decision has already been made.
Net-net, the optics of the deliverable are directionally accurate.
Moving forward, all bandwidth should be allocated toward drinking our own champagne.
